# 3-2. Entity
---
<br>

## 1. The Concept of Entity
  > An Entity is a collective thing, to be stored and managed through an IT system from a business perspective. 

- **The Scope of Entity**
  - Entities are ***nouns***; correspond to a *person, thing, concept*, etc.
  - Entities are ***points of interest*** that need to be managed through the system from a business point of view.
  - As a result, entities can become '***things***' that need to be stored to implement a business.
<br>

## 2. Relationship Between Entity and Instance
 > An entity can be thought of as a <u>set of instances</u>. An entity can have multiple instances.
 > So, the relationship between entities and instances becomes *1 : M*.

#### Expressed in ERD
```mermaid
erDiagram
    Entity ||--|{ Instance : "has"
    Entity {
      Key EntityNumber
    }
    Instance {
      ForeignKey EntityNumber
      Key InstanceNumber
    }
```
#### Example
<table>
  <tr bgcolor="mediumseagreen">
    <td><b>Entity</td>
    <td><b>Instance</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="2">Subway Station</td>
    <td>Gangnam st. Line 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Jamsil st. Line 8</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="2">Cafe</td>
    <td>Starbucks Gangnam</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>CoffeeBean Myeongdong</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br>

## 3. Notation of Entities
```mermaid
erDiagram
    Entity_Name{
      int Key1
      string Key2
      int Key3
    }
```
<br>

## 4. Conditions for Entity

#### 1) Must be a piece of information that is necessary to satisfy business requirements, and needs to be stored and managed.
  - e.g. The patient entity is absolutely necessary in a hospital, but may not be necessary in a general company.

#### 2) Must be identifiable by a unique identifier. In other words, you should be able to pinpoint only one case in the set.
  - e.g. Subway_Station → Station_ID

#### 3) Must be a collection of two or more instances that exist permanently.
  - e.g. Subway_Station is a set of several subway stations, not one.

#### 4) Must be used by business processes.
  - e.g. New customers → Insert informations in Customer Entity
    > - An Entity should be removed if its status doesn't change by a business process. (e.g. Insert, Select, Update, Delete). 
    > - If the isolation of the entity is due to a missing process, the process needs to be added.

#### 5) Must have attributes.
  - e.g. Subway_Station → Name
    > - If an entity has only a name without an attribute, you might think that your business analysis is not good enough and relationship or attribute information is missing.

#### 6) Must have at least one relationship with another entity.
  - e.g. One Subway station is related to several boarding / alighting information.
<br>

***> Exception***
  > Exceptionally, due to the specificity of the system, even entities for which all attributes are not satisfied can be derived as entities.

<br>

## 5. Classification of Entities
> An entity can be classified according to **tangible / intangible** or **time of occurrence.**<br>
> Classification according to the tangible / intangible of an entity includes a <u>*type entity*</u>, a <u>*concept entity*</u>, and an <u>*event entity*</u><br>
> Classification according to the point of occurrence includes a <u>*basic entity*</u>, a <u>*central entity*</u>, and an <u>*action entity*</u>***.

<br>

#### Based on Tangible - Intangible
<table>
  <tr bgcolor="mediumseagreen">
    <td><b>Division</td>
    <td><b>Example</td>
    <td><b>Explanation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Type</td>
    <td>Employee, Product, Instructor</td>
    <td>A stable and continuous using entity that physically exists.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Concept</td>
    <td>Organization, Insurance product</td>
    <td>An intangible entity that stores conceptual information managed in the business.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Event</td>
    <td>Order, Billing, Non-payment</td>
    <td>An entity generated by doing business.<br>
        Produced a lot more than the type/concept entity, and can be used for various statistical data.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br>

#### Based on the Time of Occurrence
<table>
    <tr bgcolor="mediumseagreen">
    <td><b>Division</td>
    <td><b>Example</td>
    <td><b>Explanation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Basic</td>
    <td>Employee, Department, Customer, Product, Material</td>
    <td>Information about the existence that born by itself in the business.<br>
    Can be created independently rather than by a relationship with other entities.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Central</td>
    <td>Contract, Accident, Deposit ledger, Order, Billing, Sales</td>
    <td>Originates from a basic entity and plays a central role in business.<br>
    It is massively generated and it derives many behavioral entities from relationships with other entities.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Action</td>
    <td>Order list, Employee change history</td>
    <td>Arises from multiple parent entities.<br>
        While processing various and complex businesses, the amount of data can be increased.<br>
        Action entities are derived during the detailed design stage or correlation modeling with the process.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br>

## 6. Naming Conventions for Entities

 - Whenever possible, use the terminology used by business personnel.
 <br>
 - Avoid using abbreviations as much as possible.
 <br>
 - The entity must be a singular noun.
 <br>
 - An entity's name must be unique within its model.
 <br>
 - Give the name according to the meaning of creation of the entity.

